Dear, you are here.
Sit down. What are you talking about?
Dear
You used to like me to call it that
Humph man mouth deceiving ghost that was before
I feel sick seeing you now
Tell me if you have anything
Wanyu
You've changed. You weren't like this before
I went back on it.
Can we be together again?
Is President Wan really your father?
You are really the eldest young master of Huaxin Chamber of Commerce
What does it have to do with you?
If it's true, say that
Yun Weize doesn't even deserve to carry your shoes
Just come and have a look.
Nothing else
I'm leaving first.
Wan Yue, please forgive me
I already have a girlfriend in the future
Tell you, you will entangle again.
You're welcome.
Is it that Jiang Xue?
So what if it's him?
His father was the underground emperor of Jiangzhou
How dare you trouble him?
I'm not qualified to trouble him
wanyue
Why don't we drink this breakup wine?
We should be here from now on
And so forth.
Yuzu
You can't live.